# Web-Scraping
A web scraping project coded in Python Language that makes use of the BeautifulSoup library and request module
Web Scraping is a form of data scraping that is used for extracting data from websites. Scraping a web page involves fetching it and extracting from it. The need for web scraping stems from the ever-increasing number of websites and web-based articles available online. This availability has made it difficult and time-consuming for internet users to find reliable sources of information and this is why there is an ever-growing demand for an efficient web scraping application that would make it convenient to find the most reliable and popular articles for any given topic from across the web. This project is an attempt towards developing a web scraping system that is accessible, understandable and convenient to use for the user. The project is interactive in the sense that it offers the user some choices and based on the choices, it proceeds further ahead. 
We have made this web scraping project using python programming language because python is an object oriented, versatile and easy to use programming language which supports various modules like NumPy and pandas. Our project uses two such modules, request module and beautiful soup module.
The system presents the user with a menu consisting of two choices. These choices signify the type of information that this system can scrape. The two options are– tech related news or job-related news. The user can pick either one of these and the system will scrape the most popular websites and present the links of all the popular and recent articles found on those websites. The links are all presented in an ordered manner, with the most popular articles presented at the top. The user can choose whether they want to exit the system or continue with web scraping. If the user chooses to continue then menu will be presented again otherwise the project will stop executing. 
